lsinitcpio: add page (#23070)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/lsinitcpio.md

# lsinitcpio

> View the contents of an initramfs image.
> See also: `mkinitcpio`.
> More information: <https://manned.org/lsinitcpio>.

> - View a list of all files and directories in the image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- View a list of all files and directories of a specific image:
```

`lsinitcpio {{path/to/initramfs.img}}`

- Extract the image to the current directory:

> `lsinitcpio --extract {{path/to/initramfs.img}}`

Reviewer: Might be good to have an example for placing it in a specified dir

Author: Unfortunately this isn't a feature of the command

> `lsinitcpio --extract {{path/to/initramfs.img}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`lsinitcpio {{[-x|--extract]}} {{path/to/initramfs.img}}`
```

> `lsinitcpio {{-x|--extract}} {{path/to/initramfs.img}}`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`lsinitcpio {{[-x|--extract]}} {{path/to/initramfs.img}}`
```

- View human-readable information on the image:

> `lsinitcpio --analyze {{path/to/initramfs.img}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`lsinitcpio {{[-a|--analyze]}} {{path/to/initramfs.img}}`
```

> `lsinitcpio {{-a|--analyze}} {{path/to/initramfs.img}}`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`lsinitcpio {{[-a|--analyze]}} {{path/to/initramfs.img}}`
```
